Again...
Have I played that song too much?
I have, haven't I?
Still, there are far less drastic ways to put in a new song request.
What's your poison?
Poison?
ABBA?
*Thief*
Revenge
*Lucifer*
I'm not familiar.
But if you hum a few bars, I bet I can keep up.
Well, if it isn't Mr. "Saidout bitch"
I'm glad to see you've recovered from your adventures in the desert.
*Thief*
I almost died, because of you.
*Lucifer*
You were driving a stolen Brinks truck, full of cash.
Because of me, you're not in jail forever.
You're welcome.
*Thief*
I was walking around in the desert for days.
I barely survived.
It got so bad, that I started hallucinating.
I-I remember you having wings.
*Lucifer*
You remember correctly.
But I'm different now.
*Thief*
I don't know what that means, and I don't care.
I needed that money.
You know, I did my research on you.
You're loaded.
So pay up.
*Lucifer*
I think your research may have been a little...
..Inadequate
*Thief*
I didn't hallucinate, did I?
*Lucifer*
What do you feel? Confusion?
Disgust?
Terror?
*Thief*
Mostly terror.
*Lucifer*
I wonder if that's what she felt.
*Thief*
Who?
*Lucifer*
The detective, of course.
*Thief 2 yells*
*Lucifer*
You see, recently, she discovered my true nature.
*Thief 3 yells*
*Lucifer*
And in that moment, as I waited to see what her reaction would be...
*Thief 3 screams*
*Lucifer*
..the police streamed in, pulled her away.
I mean, she'd been shot after all.
*Thief 4 yells*
She was gone.
She'd left Los Angeles, on a vacation.
*Thief 4 grunts*
That was a month ago.
I've been telling myself she's
simply processing what she learned.
*Thief 2 yells*
*Thief 2 screams in pain*
I mean, it can be quite jarring to discover someone's actually the devil.
What if she's already made up her mind?
What if she's decided that I am evil incarnate?
And what if she's right?
*Thief 1*
Don't kill me man. Please.
I-I'm just a thief. That's all.
*Lucifer*
That's not true.
*Thief 1*
E-Excuse me?
*Lucifer*
That's not all you are.
Don't get me wrong, you are indeed a thief.
But perhaps you deserve a chance to prove
to people that's not all you are.
Alright, here you go.
Money to cover any debts that you owe.
Pay for your friends downstairs' medical bills.
And have a chance at a new life.
A chance for people to see you, in a different way.
*Thief*
This is a trick, right?
*Lucifer*
You need a show of faith on top of all this?
Very well.
Since I left you trouserless on our last two encounters,
how about I balance the scales?
*Thief*
Ooookay, um.
We're even now...sort of.
Could I just go now?
*Lucifer*
Absolutely.
*Mazikeen*
Sup?
*Thief*
*Mazikeen*
Hey.
Hey stranger.